It's a trap
42 is for the braves
Oups, I did it again
Oh, you touch my tra la la.  Hum my ding ding dong.
You have a text message. Please acknowledge it. Or are your fat little fingers unable to utilise the buttons on your cell phone? I could sever them for you. Honestly. It would only take a moment. An incision here and there, and you would have a brand new hand. Or none. It would make no difference really, as you are so useless with your current hands. -v veena
We are Anonymous. We are Legion. We do not forgive. We do not forget. Expect us
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else. -v tessa
Life is just a game, but atleast the graphics are awesome!
In just two days, tomorrow will be yesterday.
On the other hand... you have different fingers. -v Samantha
Only drug dealers and software companies call their customers 'users'.
Where ever you go, there you are ! -v moira
Work fascinates me, in fact, I can look at it for hours. -v veena
Do files get embarrassed when they get unzipped? -v veena
Is it time for your medication or mine?
Ce soir chez boris, c'est soirée disco. co, co, co
Your specimen has been processed and we are now ready to begin the test proper.
Your're so stupid you threw a rock at the ground and missed. -v Samantha
The Enrichment Center regrets to inform you that this next test is impossible. Make no attempt to solve it
i thought a thought that i thought i had thought but the thought that i had thought wasnt the thought that i had thought i had thought so maybe if i had thought the thought that i thought i thought i wouldn't of thought so mucht.
if you have noticed this notice you will have noticed that this notice is not worth noticing
say "Bonjour à tous, je sais pa en faite, si je dois m'acheter la PSP, j'hésite trop xD, Certains vont me dire : MER IL ET FOU, Je leurs répondrait que non, xD Pouvez vous me dire les + et les moins, et j'aimerais savoir si sa vaut VRAIMENT le coup." -v Thomas
Ta mère suce des frites au foodtruck ! -v 'Amelie'
